create table client_master(
client_no varchar(6),
name varchar(10),
address1 varchar(20),
address2 varchar(20),
city varchar(10),
state varchar(10),
pin_code number(6),
bal_due float
);
alter table client_master 
add(DOB number(6));
alter table client_master
modify(client_no number(6));
alter table client_master 
set unused  column DOB ;
create table product_master(
product_no varchar(6),
description varchar(20),
profit_percentage number(6),
unit_measure varchar(10),
qty_on_hand number(6),
reorder_level number(6),
sell_price float,
cost_price float
);
alter table product_master
rename column sell_price to sellprice;
alter table product_master
rename to productmaster;
drop table client_master;
drop table product_master;
